CCM-22090: Recipient response message retrieval API (#1090)
NHSDigital/communications-manager: specification/documentation/GetMessageResponses.md

## Overview

> Use this endpoint to retrieve recipient responses associated with a specific message.

Reviewer: From the PR comments I can see we changed this to "recipient responses".
I don't think it would be immediately clear what this is.
They are introduced a bit in the "Two-way messaging" section above.
But the Recipient Response section (which is lower on the page) has a "About recipient responses" section which provides a bit of context on what they are.
Maybe at the very least we should have a "see Two-way messaging" link or something so the reader can figure out what they are.

Author: Fixed

Responses are available for retrieval for up to 9 months after the message was sent.

### Response structure

> A successful response returns a flat JSON array of response items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful response returns an array of response items.
```
For readability
Don't think JSON is needed and flat definitely not.

Author: Fixed

* `channel` - the channel through which the response was received
* `channelStatus` - the status of the channel at the time the response was received
* `channelFailureReasonCode` - the reason code for the channel failure (only present when `channelStatus` is `failed`)
* `cascadeType` - whether this is a `primary` or `secondary` cascade response
* `code` - the keyword code selected by the recipient
* `authoredAt` - the date-time the recipient submitted their response
* `timestamp` - the date-time the response was recorded by NHS Notify

If no responses exist for the given message, a `404` response is returned.

If there are more than 1000 responses for the given message, a `500` response with the `CM_TOO_MANY_RESPONSES` error code is returned instead.

### Sandbox

When sending this request on sandbox you can use any valid UUID v4 message ID.

To simulate error responses in the sandbox, use the following message IDs:

* not found - `00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000404`
* too many responses - `00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000500`

Here's an example curl command:

```
curl -X GET 'https://sandbox.api.service.nhs.uk/comms/v1/message-responses/11111111-1111-4111-8111-111111111111' \

>      --header 'Accept: application/json'

Reviewer: Can we make sure all the curl examples use accept header "application/vnd.api+json" to align with the rest of the documented API endpoints.
